#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

The objective of Orchestra Designer is to build an online workflow designer thatgenerates BPEL processes. Those processes can be accepted by Orchestra, which is an open source BPEL engine released on OW2 platform. The designer is developed on Flex, targeted to non-technical people and provides a more business-oriented functional view of the process than pure BPEL view. The project developers of Orchestra Designer are all from the Institute of Advanced Computing Technology of BeiHang University.


=Version 3.2 Updates(into three parts):=

* Views：
 Add the function of login and register

 Add the function of maximize the Figure Canvas while double-clicking the tag

 Add the Cooperate Project User List

 Display/Hide the function tag by Menu-Option-Views

*Modeling：
 Add rollback function

 Add redo function

*New Function, real-time cooperative modeling:

 Token Mechanism

 General Cooperative Mode

 Sign Mode

 Compare Mode

------------------------------------------------------------	

=History:=

April 20, 2010 Orchestra Designer 3.0.3 Version released:

Updates:

The function of Collaborative modeling is added in this version. When multiple users operate with the same process model, the Modification made by one user will be showed on all the users’ interfaces and all the models change synchronously. Moreover, this version adds the BPEL Generating Function. (It is supplied by BULL Corporation from France)
-------------------------------------------------------------
January 7, 2010 Orchestra Designer 3.0.2 Version released:

Updates:

The users can download BPEL files in this version. This version also can realize the switch with JUDDI server.
-------------------------------------------------------------
November 26, 2009 Orchestra Designer 3.0.1 Version released:

Updates:

This version is server version. Multiple users can share the same model file, because all the projects, folders and files are stored on the directory of the server.
-------------------------------------------------------------
July 20, 2009 Orchestra Designer 2.8 Version released

Updates：

*Reconstructed the MVC framework

*Renamed the projects, folders and files

*Added the Select All, Copy and Paste operation for the figures

*Optimized the transformation from flow diagram to BPEL

*Complimented the attributes of the figures

*Added association between diagram files and BPEL files

*Discriminated BPEL elements and attributes by color
-------------------------------------------------------------
July 1 ,2009 Orchestra Designer 2.4 Version released

Updates：
 
*Added the construction and revision of projects folders and files

*Enabled instant renewing of the Resource Tree

*Added the trailing, moving, delete and rename operation for the figures

*Enabled the transformation from flow diagram to BPEL

*Established the BPEL view

*Resolved problems of failing to run locally
-------------------------------------------------------------
June 18, 2009 Orchestra Designer 2.0 Version released

Updates：
 
*redesigned the interface, changed the overall style, added tool bar, engineering view and UDDI view

*Supported the diagram view of the process and the XML view.

*Supported user to create new process, new folder and new process file.

*Supported filling the canvas with the grid while modeling.

*Replaced the BPMN figure by three different levels figures: Basic, Business and BPEL.

*Rebuilt the program structure base on Cairngorm MVC
-------------------------------------------------------------
May 27, 2009 Orchestra Designer 1.0 Version released

*Completed the basic modeling function